Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Galaxy A50: Hi, how are you
Galaxy A50: And how you doing, I'm okay. I'm good. I'm in a good mood good spirits. Okay, good.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. So Emily, Liliana
Galaxy A50: Yeah, she she she called me.
Shawn Phalen: And then what I said to her was to email me
What she wanted me to ask her.
Shawn Phalen: Or sorry,
Galaxy A50: Email which he wanted to ask you, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So here's, here's what she what she wants.
It's pretty standard and
Shawn Phalen: The date that you started working with me.
Shawn Phalen: The presenting problem.
Shawn Phalen: How often, I see you
Shawn Phalen: What type of services you're engaged in which is individual and group.
Often you participate
Shawn Phalen: How do we verify sobriety.
Shawn Phalen: And then just my role and my credentials.
Galaxy A50: Okay, sounds like the exact same thing that Dr. Jamison was writing and the letter I thought he was more about, like, if you think that I'm not psychotic but ok
Shawn Phalen: So did Dr. Jamison present something turned this lady to
Galaxy A50: Not to this lady, but to the Court.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So, um, what do you want me to put it for the presenting problem.
Galaxy A50: One person presenting of what
Shawn Phalen: The presenting problem, like why why you're here.
Galaxy A50: Well, my anxiety, just kind of went through the roof. And that's, that's pretty much it. I've, I knew this was going to happen to in a way like not to that extent, but I know please don't mention that. But I everybody always knew that
Galaxy A50: I was always like, I hear below blowing up right and I just did. And I'm sorry but
Galaxy A50: Under the circumstances that I was in.
Galaxy A50: I don't know.
Galaxy A50: So I'm learning coping skills, you know, so I for sure. Much better. I learned
Galaxy A50: To really like take a step back.
Galaxy A50: And be like, whoa, whoa, this is not where this is supposed to go. Hold on. Come back to me is very often.
Galaxy A50: In a way, like the police officer. He was the one who was flying off the handle, way more than me. It just, he was doing his dog so
Galaxy A50: I should be able to identify when somebody else's having a cycle day and maybe not not go up on that level, and just kind of be like no you come down to me instead. So I've been working on that.
Galaxy A50: And yeah, in fact, my ex husband, he kept trying to reach out to me to like get a rise out of me and he's like, you know, our, our son like Hayden is always afraid of making you mad. So he lies to you. It was so insulting. I was like, Bullshit, I said, I don't even get mad these days. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: So I've been more assertive also this way. I'm like, no, that did not happen instead of being like, Oh, you, you know, and I'm talking to the world like you are you know you're unfair and I for me. I don't like that. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: What other coping skills are you using
Galaxy A50: Well, so I do have a fleet of meditation for sure.
Galaxy A50: I do this breathing thing where I actually learned a long time ago when I was a stripper because I would work. One night, and then not work the other and not be able to fall asleep.
Galaxy A50: So I actually learned how to get my breathing so much look like deeper and so much more spaced out that I really could like pass out. If I helped him. So I started using that again.
Galaxy A50: And then distractions. So I downloaded amazon music. Yeah, and made several different types of mixes for specific mood.
Galaxy A50: And also I really love my job. So as soon as we open that also is going to be a great source of very positive.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: How often are you meditating.
Galaxy A50: You know as needed.
Galaxy A50: To be honest, I haven't done it in a, in a few weeks.
Galaxy A50: It's hard to do when it's hot.
Galaxy A50: But I do like sit outside and
Galaxy A50: Quietly every night. Oh, and also, I don't know if did I ever mentioned. So back in the day, you know, I have a sponsor and back in the day, we would call each other. And once it was a once a day, I would have to report to her and then we would see each other in meetings and stuff.
Galaxy A50: Now that there's really no meetings, except in the rooms we actually meet up every day. So either in the morning or in the evening we kind of like get together and
Galaxy A50: It's been very various what we do. We don't necessarily talk about our problems, every time. But we give each other about an hour of our attention and just catch up with one in a little bit.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I mean, this is really, really basic.
Galaxy A50: Show up. I also just trying to be more aware of my health, because what happened on the airplane. I should have. I should have known that something would happen. I just didn't think about it, because to me, I'm still a 19 year old girl.
Shawn Phalen: Right.
Shawn Phalen: So what are some ways you're taking care of your health.
Galaxy A50: Well, well, I guess I. It's not that I'm better taking well the whole not drinking not smoking thing.
Galaxy A50: But I'm just more
Galaxy A50: How can I say this, I'm finally agreeing with my age, I am not feeling good know
Galaxy A50: jilted or whatever, if my backlog sup on me because then I'm like, Whoa, it's the if anything look at it as
Galaxy A50: You waited until 43 to start
Galaxy A50: Getting back problems, which is pretty good.
Galaxy A50: You know, just certain things I've, I've made peace with certain things like that. I probably won't have another baby.
Galaxy A50: And that was really devastating because I, my son really wanted to simply and i mean i wanted to kid. Finally, when I wanted one instead of somebody pushing one on me as much as I love my child.
Galaxy A50: So yeah, and I've just been really not like feeling. I'm not going to say, oh, I don't feel sorry for myself anymore. I'm just more like aware if I'm a little depressed or whatever, what to do, you know, drink a Kombucha, for example, like alkaline really helps me settle and makes me happier.
Galaxy A50: Oh, I forgot the lady who I look with
Galaxy A50: Don't say lady, though they think I live with a guy.
Galaxy A50: She's a huge gardener. So, and she's a little people. So I've been actually what I'm, I'm just, I'm just the labor person. She's gardening can use be a my hands. So I've been doing that. And she's really smart. So I think like nice conversation is really, really peaceful for me. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: When's your court date again.
Galaxy A50: When is no idea
Shawn Phalen: Well, it must be. It must be
Shawn Phalen: Well, there's a must be thinking about it if she's contacting me, you know,
Galaxy A50: No, no. So the courts are open, but they're not going in chronological order, where they stopped, they're going
Galaxy A50: By importance. So all the violent cases first, then it's going to be custody, then it's going to be divorced, then it's going to be property so
Galaxy A50: She's just back to work, is what she's doing. But so my ex husband is a huge liar, and it used to cost me so much distress.
Galaxy A50: Because he could lie without blinking and he's so convincing about it that people actually believe him. So I wanted to do family therapy with my son and
Galaxy A50: Oh, and so is his attorney. By the way, if you. I mean, that would have been a huge weight off my shoulders. If my son and I, we've been pretty good at communicating, but at first. We weren't
Galaxy A50: So if my son and I could do that would be great. So I actually figured it all out and it was supposed to be free through my son's
Galaxy A50: Aid like he has helped aid. My ex husband, apparently, and I don't know. They think my attorney doesn't know or what but they said he doesn't want to pay, and you need a court order, but there's nothing to pay. So like, stuff like that would have really pissed me off back in the day.
Galaxy A50: Now, I mean it's I'm I guess I'm more okay with things not being in my control little
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, that's good.
Galaxy A50: And I've been spending time with animals. So that's been very peaceful
Shawn Phalen: How's your anxiety been
Galaxy A50: My anxieties than actually pretty good. I haven't been anxious, except
Galaxy A50: Like last week I was a little bit because I was more feeling sorry for myself and that caused more of anger than anything because that was just like
Galaxy A50: Every time there's an opportunity for me to finally shine the light on how well I'm doing something happens. So this lady from child support really kind of hurt my feelings last week and and she was just an idiot. But I was just so upset by
Galaxy A50: It's like there's no
Galaxy A50: There's no such thing as unsolvable situation if if you're a part of some sort of business, no matter what it is.
Galaxy A50: You know how to override something you know who to send a special message to so it's it's a loop. It's a loop. So they took my stimulus. They won't give it to anybody because they can't figure out who it belongs to
Galaxy A50: Child Support Services things that I all this humongous amount of money which I don't
Galaxy A50: He also went ahead and filed in Idaho. So, Idaho things I'm not giving him anything
Galaxy A50: They were starting to come out for me. Luckily, I was presentable enough and called. You know, cool, calm, collected explain what happened explained that he's a son of a bitch.
Galaxy A50: They said, Okay, we totally believe you. We just need a verification from your textbook case worker is in the wind. I cannot find him. He will not return calls, he will not email, as I call the people they're just like people who pick up the phone.
Galaxy A50: They say he's employed. I even asked if I could have a different tastes manager, because he clearly doesn't care.
Galaxy A50: They said there's nobody else because right now. It's pretty much what it is, is what it is. But then she goes, well, this is my fourth time CALLING, BY THE WAY,
Galaxy A50: And she says, Well, there's nothing that he can actually do about stopping the disbursement of the check and she had the audacity to say the reason why he's called not calling you is because he's you have an attorney to your attorney should be talking to him and not you
Galaxy A50: Right. So yeah, but should be at least tell people this right but also on everything that I emailed him. I see see her.
Galaxy A50: So if he really cared, he would have either written me like, hey, Dina have your attorney directly one on one or he would have had her
Galaxy A50: But then this lady actually says, well, there's nothing you can do about stopping any of this because we go by what we go by.
Galaxy A50: And you Oh, another like three grand, which I don't. And anybody who lives in California right now knows that we're still
Galaxy A50: You know, so you would think that I really wanted to be like lady. This is your job. I know you know what to do in this teeny tiny situation to get a human to override the computer. Of course I did not say that.
Galaxy A50: A more came out as laughter
Galaxy A50: But it's just this kind of stuff.
Galaxy A50: I the old me would have said something really abductions. Right. Yeah. So there was a tiny bit of anxiety, but it came out more like laughter and I'm more like nostalgic. I'm a little not depressed. I'm not a depressed person I've been a little sad. I really miss my boss. I know it's stupid.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, isn't that kind of a weird
Galaxy A50: Didn't you guys have a falling. Oh, well, he fired me yes but I don't. I think that there's more to the story. And part of why I miss him so much. And it's not romantic. I just missed him. He was such a big part of my life and I was such a big part of his
Galaxy A50: I wish he would just tell me what it is that made him do this I if he would have just said, hey, my wife just didn't want you around me anymore. I would have at least been like
Galaxy A50: Okay, because it ended up being almost like it was my same basically issues that caused me to lose Hayden but but he knew that about me. So, the situation was almost like a little bit played
Galaxy A50: In that direction.
Galaxy A50: That
Galaxy A50: Like it was almost like, well, if she gets pissed off enough then she'll leave. Oh, I'm just thinking in my own head, if his wife and him were having problems because of me because him and I were very close but completely platonic
Galaxy A50: If he was like, well, I can't just be like, Dina, you're fired. Well, I have to create a situation where she'll either quit or she'll freak out and then I will fire.
Galaxy A50: Then I don't know if that's what happened, but just in general, not having him around. He was just a great guy.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Are you feeling lonely.
Galaxy A50: Yeah. A little bit, yeah.
Galaxy A50: My place gets really hot. And I don't deal with heat very well, which is why I keep coming to work like seven o'clock. My room is still scolding so it's 550 our time and I've been at work since like the moment the sun goes to the west of the house. I have to get the hell out of there.
Shawn Phalen: How hot is it there right now.
Galaxy A50: I'm not sure, to be honest. But, uh, my window space West and where I am like the best part of town. It's a little further from the ocean that I'm used to. Yeah, it just very, very warm. Wow. That's crazy. And then, like, people have said.
Galaxy A50: You know, close your blinds, or like lower your blinds, then I get not claustrophobic. But then I just get really depressed like because I'm been hiding from sunlight. Yeah. And I just need my own place. Yeah, right.
Galaxy A50: Life.
Shawn Phalen: Though, are you working like what's going on. If you guys opened up yet.
Galaxy A50: I'm working on the download because
Galaxy A50: I'm inside a hair salon. Okay, I have my own business, but it's inside a hair place.
Galaxy A50: So, and we're all very, very, it's not a strip mall. It's like an office building, kind of thing. Like, it's so there's not a lot of traffic and no potential really for issues and we take people's temperature. Okay, so I see like one person a day if back for like one or two services.
Galaxy A50: Okay, it's nothing like what I used to do. It was just back to back. People I missed that. Yeah, but you guys should be opening up soon.
Galaxy A50: I will the hair salons are now we'll see ya.
Galaxy A50: My I really want the schools to open. So I could say in court. Hey, we're opening my kid could be here instead
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, and do they have any idea how they're going to structure that yet.
No.
Galaxy A50: Because social distancing in in frickin recess situation is not possible.
Galaxy A50: I have no idea what's gonna happen. I don't even
Galaxy A50: I don't even like if they, I don't think I'll catch a plane there. I think I'll take my car to pick up my kid just because would not be some frickin damn irony.
Galaxy A50: If I spent two months now telling my kid how to not catch coronavirus and then they shove them into the airplane.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, that's i agree i wouldn't take an airplane. I would drive whenever you're going to go
Shawn Phalen: Whenever you get the green light. Yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't risk.
Taking
Galaxy A50: My son and I have been getting along very well. I know, it kind of annoys my ex husband, he's been he's been more
Galaxy A50: He's been trying to create more problems, but it's a little bit funny.
Galaxy A50: So unfortunately, he's not smart enough to understand it. So it would be great. Like sometimes I do say like
Galaxy A50: Do you realize how sad. This is like how clear it is that you have no life or you wouldn't be wasting your time doing this, he doesn't appreciate the gravity of what I'm saying. So that particular philosophy is just lost on him. But you know what it is what it is.
Galaxy A50: I'm, I'm a little upset because I don't understand what my parents are thinking and why, even though we're not friends. Like why they're acting the way that they're acting. They could have at least not helped me but they could have not been hurting me. But they are, um,
Galaxy A50: So that will come bite me in the ass later but it is what it is. And they they they did. I don't know if it's an immigrant mentality, or it's a wealthy person mentality. Or maybe it's just a family love the show their love with money. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: His family doesn't do that. And they don't understand it. So when my parents show any kind of financial love or help then
Galaxy A50: Then he started screwing with my money he doesn't. They don't understand that it's costing me so much more like
Galaxy A50: He ruined my credit in 2017 because his approach to this was all your dad's wealthy. Why are you keep. Why do you keep asking me for money.
Galaxy A50: He doesn't understand that I'm not this kind of handout kind of person he is. He told my family that I don't pay child support, for example.
Galaxy A50: He told the state of Idaho that I don't pay child support. It's just one thing after another, with this guy and I have out before, by the way.
Galaxy A50: I have told them that I am at my wit's end here, I need help, and he says he wrote me the switch back in text when we were somewhat phone social, he replied. Did you mean to send this to me or did you mean to send that to somebody else, because obviously I'm in Idaho and I can't help
Galaxy A50: By so like this kind of out of sight, out of mind is, I just want to, we were we really were fine one he was here, he was
Galaxy A50: A good co parent
Galaxy A50: Oh, so there's one thing that really up so I did have a panic attack when I was talking to Liliana, you do it. Yes, and
Galaxy A50: It was really bad, but I do this thing. Oh, another coping thing that I do, but it has to be really, really bad. So if I feel like I'm hyperventilating because I'm just so upset.
Galaxy A50: There's a little voice somewhere in there in the only way I can describe it is. It says if I float out of my own self, and like somehow right above my head.
Galaxy A50: I tell myself. Hey, stop it. This is, this is not going to end well. So I've been number in Mexico, my son said something and it triggered a terrible memory in my head. We were on vacation.
Galaxy A50: And I just couldn't. I got so upset by this and I asked him to walk out of the room because my breathing was really shallow and I must have sounded really crazy
Galaxy A50: So, and I was just like, leaning on the wall, and I could not get this weird weirdness to stop. So then all he hears from the other room is like this. So I
Galaxy A50: I did. I was like, if you don't stop right now, you will pass out and your kid in Mexico will have to call 911
Galaxy A50: And that little voice made me stop. So with Liliana, I couldn't breathe at all. There was not a sound coming out of me. All of a sudden something just like jammed. And I took a breath and I couldn't exhale
Galaxy A50: And it just everything locked on me, so I I somehow I just remember, and she kind of looked at me, thank goodness. My ex husband was over the phone.
Galaxy A50: And she was just like, are you okay and I thought if I don't fix this right now. This is going to be up. I'm only going to be further away from
Galaxy A50: Seeing my kids and I just said myself Brooklyn Brewery and and I did. I don't know how it took me a moment to be able to speak again after
Galaxy A50: That I was able to breathe. There's something that he said at that moment that really upset me so I know that it's we're grownups. It's not a blame game we should be responsible for what we're saying. But the conversation was about him threatening me
Galaxy A50: And he says that I provoked
Galaxy A50: Oh yeah, I remember. Yeah, but. But see, I could not say out loud. Well, I didn't insult him he insulted me. So then I insulted him back because it just sounds so stupid, right. So instead I just felt like my grace with her was like slipping away and it just made me not handle it well.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I think you did tell me that you did. Tell me about that.
Shawn Phalen: That was a little bit ago
Galaxy A50: Yeah, yeah. But my talk with Liliana was in end of like right before we shut down. It was the week prior to us shutting down
Galaxy A50: I just felt like. It's so unfair that he could say, well, no, she didn't express condolences to to me for losing my grandpa she she insulted. She like made fun of me.
Galaxy A50: Well, I said nothing wrong to him at all. I was just asking about services and his reply was, no you're not welcome, you're not family well but there was no sense. It didn't say family only or maybe it did, but all it said was for inquiries called the family.
Galaxy A50: Right. So, and when he said you're not family. Well, first off, there was no such thing. And second of all, you married a complete stranger and I'm the one that family who gives a shit. So I was like, Oh, I'm not family. Well, I guess you and Amanda have a lot going on.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I'm gonna get this to her of get this to her by the weekend. Okay.
Galaxy A50: Could you if you could just somehow mentioned Dr Khan's name just name drop for me somewhere in there. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: And the way I test. I don't know if you know you know how bright heart tests, right, is I just showed them my bathroom and then I usually just put them down. But I talked to them the whole time. As I'm holding the cup under me. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So up
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And then we wait for the results to show it to them, you
Galaxy A50: Know, so the result is instance. So, let's say, like you said, go ahead and P i put you down like this and I'm like okay blog so I can see you. If I go like this over, you know, you can see me too.
Galaxy A50: And then the moment I'm done, I just go like this and I would write that. And I like do like the whole cup like all around and they see the dots on and they take pictures of the dots. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Alright, so let's do this let's reschedule.
Shawn Phalen: So the next available that I have is the 17th of June.
Do you want to do 530 again.
Galaxy A50: The later, the better if possible.
Galaxy A50: For me personally,
Shawn Phalen: You want to do eight
Galaxy A50: Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, alright, so I got you down, June 17 Wednesday at eight.
Galaxy A50: Okay, great.
Galaxy A50: Okay, thank you so much for all your help. And I don't know, maybe, I don't know if Liliana no school like you are a therapist. Correct. So there's also a counselor. So I see Ivana once a week.
Galaxy A50: Or so, and then I see Dr. Jamison once a week and then I see Mary every like two, three weeks, I guess. Okay do in the rooms right now, but before that I was going to meet
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right.
Galaxy A50: Okay, I'll get this to her. Thank you so much. Bye.
Shawn Phalen: Hey. Talk to you later. Take care.
Galaxy A50: Thanks. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Hang on.
Bethany Piche: Hello, how are you
Bethany Piche: How's it going, right.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Tell me what's
Shawn Phalen: What's been going on.
Bethany Piche: So,
Bethany Piche: This last week.
Bethany Piche: I got in with those psychiatrists, so that's good. And things have been okay with my husband and I, we haven't thought no faith and
Bethany Piche: I
Bethany Piche: had kind of an issue with one of the medication, she put me on and she switched one of my medications which I had a very bad adverse reaction to which made me like really shaky. Yeah.
Bethany Piche: And and I actually tried to reach out to bright heart how and get her an urgent message and I never heard back from her, and apparently she never got the message. So hello frustrated with by her right now. And I also found out that I can't do her group the mental health group and my
Bethany Piche: Group with Dr. Damon on the same day, and they're both on the same day. So it's a little frustrating because I feel like I need both groups each week. And so now I'm having to kind of alternate
Bethany Piche: And I just feel like I'm getting less of what I need doing it that way. But my insurance won't pay for to visit them one day, basically. So yeah, it's double billing and one day. Yeah, yeah.
Bethany Piche: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So what okay so it's the medication. Okay, now
Bethany Piche: Yeah, she's switched to switch the medication and I'm feeling better now. She also put me on a new medication and got rid of another one and
Bethany Piche: The new one has to build up in my system, though it hasn't taken any effect yet. Um, but I haven't felt any adverse reactions to it. So I'm pretty sensitive to new medication. So we're she's building me up slowly.
Need depression.
Bethany Piche: No, no, depression, I'm just
Bethany Piche: I've just been having a lot of like panic attacks and, you know, waking up in the middle and I nightmares.
Bethany Piche: Sometimes the nightmares aren't even specific like last night and I was having a nightmare about giant ants and we've been having them problem in the house. And last night I was having a dream that the ants were so big they were like attacking us and
Bethany Piche: I was yelling out in my sleep to my husband about 3am to kill the ants.
Bethany Piche: And so he did wake me up and I after that because the dream was so vivid. It took me a while to go back to sleep.
Bethany Piche: And I woke up again at 5am and so if I can. That kind of happens to me. It's been happening to me at night where
Bethany Piche: I'll go to sleep around 1030 or 11 and then I'll wake up at one or 130 and then again at three and then again at five. So all long I'm getting enough sleep, but I'm not getting those solid, you know, full night of rest.
Bethany Piche: And
Bethany Piche: So then to switch me back to my medication, I feel a little bit more normal able, I was able to do like the laundry and get caught up on things help my daughter with her school
Bethany Piche: And I felt a lot more normal like last week I felt like a zombie. I guess is the best way to put it. I couldn't function.
Bethany Piche: And so, yeah, it was really, really, really hard and then to not hear back when I was struggling so much was hard and
Bethany Piche: Yeah, when I talked to Mary about it. I was crying. I was just like, it was so awful and you know it's trying to get ahold of somebody. And I don't know what you guys have going on in the front office right now, but that was, you know, really difficult. So
Shawn Phalen: For us to marry about that so she can pass that along to
Bethany Piche: Yeah, she felt bad she and she said that. Also, when I was signing in for her mental health group. They didn't have the meeting ID.
Bethany Piche: So all of the people in the group. I think there was two or three or three other people. None of us had the meeting ID until 15 minutes after the group was supposed to start. And she was like,
Bethany Piche: You know, I gave them the meeting ID. I don't know why they're so I guess it's not meet you know there's issues going on. So she said that, um, it's not just me. I mean not problems. So right, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so what do you do, how do you calm yourself down when you're having a panic attack.
Bethany Piche: So when I'm having a panic attack and
Bethany Piche: It's more of a physical reaction.
Bethany Piche: And I get like a fever I my heart rate goes really high.
Bethany Piche: And I feel like I can't breathe and
Bethany Piche: Sometimes it's the opposite where I get really cold and and I have a little bit of autonomic dysfunction. So my autonomic system kind of
Bethany Piche: misfires and anxiety attacks can exacerbate that I guess is the best way to put it, and
Bethany Piche: So I for a long time. I was on a medication called pro plan and all, but it got to the point where my blood pressure was getting so low that I was thinking, yeah. So they were having a hard time trying to find the right dose and
Bethany Piche: Yeah it since I've been off that medication. I haven't had that issue when my blood pressure got so low that I felt like I was going to pass out.
Hmm.
Shawn Phalen: So is there any when you're feeling like that. Is there anything that you can do that.
The panic attack or
Bethany Piche: I mean, I'm
Bethany Piche: A couple things that I do on a regular basis I disease essential oils and I'm really big on the central oils. They're very calming
Bethany Piche: And I also into my spirituality. So I do try to make that a priority, but
Bethany Piche: You know, I have three kids so when they're very demanding or there's a lot going on. It's hard to kind of step away and take the time to focus on myself to do that. And so everything happening at once, then I guess that's when things are kind of the worst.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Have you ever considered
Meditation.
Bethany Piche: Yeah, I do meditation I do it at night, which helps me sleep. And that's pretty much
Bethany Piche: The main time that I don't have the kids.
Bethany Piche: So by three year old, she just she was sleeping in our bed until about four months ago. So it was a really hard time getting her out of her bed. She would sleep. She would fall asleep in her bed, but then always end up back in our bed and so
Bethany Piche: Lately I've been spending more time at night during the meditation, which has helped me get to sleep. So I don't lay there awake with anxiety anymore. And now it's more just the waking up and when I have those really vivid dreams. Getting back to sleep.
Bethany Piche: Is a challenge and
Bethany Piche: Good.
Have you ever tried yoga.
Bethany Piche: Uh huh. Yeah. And I do some yoga. I used to do it weren't often
Bethany Piche: Lately,
Bethany Piche: And this was kind of personal but lately, even just basic intimacy with my husband has been really painful on my joint
Bethany Piche: Yeah, so being able to do the yoga, the amount of yoga or the amount of minutes I've used to be able to do. I'm not able to do right now because of the flare and having and
Bethany Piche: So, it
Bethany Piche: It's a little discouraging because I used to be able to go to yoga classes, and I used to be very into it and
Bethany Piche: You know, felt like I was advancing in it and really progressing in
Bethany Piche: My ability and the you know the benefit of it. And now I'm at the point where you know very little stretches are hurting so much there and difficult to do, where those stresses
Bethany Piche: The, you know, six months ago weren't difficult to do. So when I'm in the middle of a flare like this with my autoimmune disease. It's discouraging to try and
Shawn Phalen: How often, or how long do your flare ups last
Bethany Piche: Um, it depends. This flare up with cars after co bed so it kind of happened directly after I started to feel better from my and and this has definitely been the worst flare that I've had because it also
Bethany Piche: I had ulcerative colitis flare up with it, which I've never been officially diagnosed with ulcerative colitis and
Bethany Piche: Before this, it was like, well, you're having digestive problems. But, you know, we don't know exactly what's going on and this time it got so bad that I had to go to the ER and
Bethany Piche: They did a CAT scan and they could see just inflammation, all in my lower colon. So the this flare has been particularly worse than any of my previous flares, I would say. And the only other time. I had a flare. That was kind of close to this side was went right after my third was born.
Bethany Piche: She came seven and a half weeks early. And I had a C section and then I got postpartum preeclampsia.
Bethany Piche: So I was in the hospital for almost two weeks, and she was also in the nick you at the same time.
Bethany Piche: So all of the stress and then having the baby and then as soon as I got home, I had this really bad flare, kind of like this, but I didn't have this, you know, ulcerative colitis, along with but ankylosing spondylitis joint pain. So this has been
Bethany Piche: More tough on my body for sure when it was also maybe it's from, you know, from yeah having that could possibly be.
Shawn Phalen: Why, it's you know, so
Bethany Piche: Yeah, that's what they said is they they're having a lot of patients that are having immune reactions.
Bethany Piche: That don't even have autoimmune diseases. So when you have an autoimmune disease, and then you get those fires is like, it can be a lot harder on the autoimmune or your immune system. So yeah, that's kind of when I'm going through
Shawn Phalen: Those your appetites through all of this, are you able to
Eat enough to get energy and nutrition.
Bethany Piche: I feel like I can eat, but I can't make myself food.
Bethany Piche: Interesting. Yeah. So, and I never felt that way before because I've always been able to like if I'm hungry, I make myself something, but I'm if my make food. I feel like I no longer have that appetite to eat it. Yeah.
Bethany Piche: Unusual the is, if that makes sense.
Yeah, no, I do it does. I get it. Yeah.
Bethany Piche: Um, any weight loss like are you, how's your weight. I lost about 20 pounds in total over the last three months and I gained back a couple pounds but I'm back to almost my normal way.
Bethany Piche: And I've always been between like 125 and 135 when I'm healthy and fit and but I dropped down to 125 losing all my muscle mass was
Bethany Piche: You know the worst of it when I just was so sick. And I couldn't go to bed and just getting up to go the bathroom. I was out of breath and exhausted and
Bethany Piche: And you know it, that it took a lot out of my body and my body had to fight for weeks to get over that. And then, now I've got these flare ups going on so
Bethany Piche: Yeah, I think my body is just, it's fighting really hard and it's exhausted and then I've got all these other things that were already kind of happening and the fam family dynamic that I'm also dealing with. So there's some days where I just feel overwhelmed and
Shawn Phalen: Have the family dynamics, calm down a little bit.
Bethany Piche: I know lost him a little bit and I you know I haven't heard from my sister or my niece.
Bethany Piche: Since everything happened. I am just kind of giving them space.
Bethany Piche: My husband did book A THREE NIGHT vacation to Tahoe for us and our anniversary is coming up so
Bethany Piche: After last year and our separation everything we went through and he surprised me with that. So that kind of cheered me up to something to look
Bethany Piche: Forward to
Bethany Piche: You know I'm three days kind of away from everything. So we'll probably do that sometime in July or anniversaries on the 30th of June. Okay. All right. Nice.
Bethany Piche: Yeah.
Bethany Piche: gonna break. Yeah, little break.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so it sounds like I'm
Shawn Phalen: You know, it sounds like what the family issues, just to kind of do what you just do what you're doing, you know,
You know limit you limit the amount of stress that
You're having to do
Bethany Piche: Yeah.
Bethany Piche: My daughter. Luckily, is out of school on the fifth of June. So the homeschooling wall. I'll get a break from that. And that's been a lot. She's already
Bethany Piche: She had a speech delay so she has an IIT, and she requires a lot more attention to do her homework and do her schoolwork, and she requires basically needs sitting there the entire time in order to make sure she's doing it, or she gets off task.
Bethany Piche: Or she gets frustrated because she doesn't know how to do what she's doing. And so that that's been hard and my husband has been busy with, you know, whatever he's doing so it's all fallen on me.
Bethany Piche: And then the toddler's I feel like at times. I'm with Lily and Lily has to do you know either her online class or she has to do this project, and it has to get done and we have to stay on schedule of what the teacher gave us
Bethany Piche: And they're just kind of
Bethany Piche: Running all around and you know they're kind of missing out on learning in their own way too because I'm so focused on Lily.
Bethany Piche: But I'm
Bethany Piche: Can't do it all. Yeah, exactly.
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's like you just do what you can to
Bethany Piche: Yeah, at least they have each other.
Shawn Phalen: Just let him go.
Shawn Phalen: It's
Shawn Phalen: Yeah and this you know cuz you guys should be opening up pretty soon to rate what's happening. Are you gonna
Bethany Piche: Yeah, they're talking about June 16th right now but um we we've had an unusual sudden spiking cases so
Bethany Piche: I don't know exactly what's going to happen. I know what they're saying that the mandatory math, like we can't go into anywhere without a mosque right now where we live.
Bethany Piche: And that's going to stay as it is for a while, all the beaches all the parts, everything's going to stay closed for a little while longer to
Bethany Piche: And the only thing they opened up with golf.
Bethany Piche: So, yeah.
Bethany Piche: But doesn't. Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I can last forever. So
Bethany Piche: Yeah, you know, just getting it through.
Shawn Phalen: Just doing your best just to me. Nina, you're one person. So you see the best you can do not
Bethany Piche: See it you know yeah I did feel like last week when I was the the meds were switched. And I was just
Bethany Piche: not feeling well. The whole week like my husband really did show compassion and he you know stepped up as much as he could even with everything he has on his plate and
Bethany Piche: Yeah, and meant a lot to me that he was able to do that for me because he could see that I was not well and he felt for me. So yeah, so that was good.
Shawn Phalen: And remind me. Is he working from home.
Bethany Piche: Mm hmm. Yeah, he has
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right, so, um, do you want to send another appointment and a couple of weeks.
Bethany Piche: Yeah, that's another
Bethany Piche: Appointment and maybe two two week okay but I think
Shawn Phalen: The next available. I have is on the 17th of June.
Bethany Piche: Okay, yep. Let's see that same time
At 630 right
Bethany Piche: At 636 30
Community 630
Okay, so just, you know, do your best to just keep your stress down, you know, and
You know you you have coping skills. You know what to do.
Shawn Phalen: You know, just utilizing all that stuff and
You know, your body will just work through this flare up you know there's nothing
Bethany Piche: Yeah. Now, unfortunately.
Bethany Piche: Yeah, they're probably going to put me back on the immune suppressants but they just want to give my body a little bit more time to recover because you know i just i just got over that.
Bethany Piche: I mean I feel like I still even have shortness of breath lasting and it's been, you know, two and a half months it yeah so
Bethany Piche: They're probably going to do that here in the next few months. Once at once. Everything calmed down a little bit, but they put me on other medications that hopefully will start to take effect. So I had appointments
Bethany Piche: An appointment yesterday and appointment on Friday to with both my GI and rheumatologists so I feel like you know every I'm getting all the the help that I need set up and it's just going to take some time for everything to get better.
Alright.
Sounds good.
Keep moving.
Bethany Piche: You're doing great.
Bethany Piche: Alright. Thanks, Sean. Okay. Talk to you soon. Okay. Alright. Have a good night. Okay, bye.